pages/docs/getting-started/installation.mdx, before:

import Layout from 'lib/components/layout'
import { Note, Link, Code, Spacer } from 'components'

export const meta = {
  title: 'installation',
  description: 'description',
  index: 10,
}

## Installation

### Install package

<Note>
Ensure your have the latest version of <Link href="https://nodejs.org/en/download/">NodeJS</Link>,
and also need a package manager of NodeJS: <Link href="https://www.npmjs.com/">NPM</Link> or <Link href="https://yarnpkg.com/">Yarn</Link>.
</Note>

1. Run script to download:

<Code bash darkBash>npm i @zeit-ui/react</Code>

2. Import `@zeit-ui/react` to your React project:

```jsx
import { ZEITUIProvider, CSSBaseline } from '@zeit-ui/react'

const Application = () => {
  return (
    <ZEITUIProvider>   // ---> Base provider
      <CSSBaseline />  // ---> normalize styles
      <AppComponent />    // ---> Your App Component
    </ZEITUIProvider>
  )
}
```

3. Use Components in any where:

```jsx
import { Button } from '@zeit-ui/react'

const MyComponent = () => <Button>Click Me</Button>
```

<Spacer y={3} />

### Import a component

`@zeit-ui/react` supports import components when you actually need. e.g.:

```jsx
import { Button } from '@zeit-ui/react/components/button'

const MyComponent = () => <Button>Click Me</Button>
```

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>

Commit message:

docs: add example project for create-react-app

pages/docs/getting-started/installation.mdx, after:

import Layout from 'lib/components/layout'
import { Note, Link, Code, Spacer } from 'components'

export const meta = {
  title: 'installation',
  description: 'description',
  index: 10,
}

## Installation

### Install package

<Note>
Ensure your have the latest version of <Link href="https://nodejs.org/en/download/">NodeJS</Link>,
and also need a package manager of NodeJS: <Link href="https://www.npmjs.com/">NPM</Link> or <Link href="https://yarnpkg.com/">Yarn</Link>.
</Note>

1. Run script to download:

<Code bash darkBash>npm i @zeit-ui/react</Code>

2. Import `@zeit-ui/react` to your React project:

```jsx
import { ZEITUIProvider, CSSBaseline } from '@zeit-ui/react'

const Application = () => {
  return (
    <ZEITUIProvider>   // ---> Base provider
      <CSSBaseline />  // ---> normalize styles
      <AppComponent />    // ---> Your App Component
    </ZEITUIProvider>
  )
}
```

3. Use Components in any where:

```jsx
import { Button } from '@zeit-ui/react'

const MyComponent = () => <Button>Click Me</Button>
```

<Spacer y={3} />

### Import a component

`@zeit-ui/react` supports import components when you actually need. e.g.:

```jsx
import { Button } from '@zeit-ui/react/components/button'

const MyComponent = () => <Button>Click Me</Button>
```

<Spacer y={3} />

### Create React App

The React project created by <Link target="_blank" rel="nofollow" href="https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app">create-react-app</Link> can
also easily use `@zeit-ui/react`. You don't need to make any changes, just install and use.

We have <Link target="_blank" rel="nofollow" href="https://github.com/zeit-ui/react-getting-started">a sample project related to `create-react-app` here</Link>.



export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>
