pages/en-us/guide/themes.mdx, before:

import Layout from 'lib/components/layout'
import { Note, Code, Spacer, Link } from 'components'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Themes',
  group: 'customization',
}

## Themes

`@zeit-ui/react` support **Dark Mode** now. You can switch theme at any time through a very simple API, no third-party styles or configs.

<Spacer y={2} />

### Switch themes

<Note>Before using any Components, you must add <Code>ZEITUIProvider</Code> to the root node.</Note>
<Spacer y={0.5} />
<Note type="success"><Code>CSSBaseline</Code> provides basic CSS support, which is similar to <Code>normalize</Code>.</Note>
<Spacer y={1} />

**Now you can change the theme as follows:**

  1. Make sure `ZEITUIProvider` and `CSSBaseline` are already on the root component.

  2. Get the current theme of the page through hook `useTheme`.

  3. Update the value of `theme.type`, and the theme of all components will follow automatically.

```jsx
import { CSSBaseline, ZEITUIProvider } from '@zeit-ui/react'

const App = () => {
  const [themeType, setThemeType] = useState('dark')
  const switchThemes = () => {
    setThemeType(lastThemeType => lastThemeType === 'dark' ? 'light' : 'dark')
  }
  return (
    <ZEITUIProvider theme={{ type: themeType }}>
      <CSSBaseline />
      <YourComponent onClick={switchThemes} />
    </ZEITUIProvider>
  )
}
```

<Spacer y={3} />

### Customizing theme

Customize theme is very simple in `@zeit-ui/react`, you just need to provide a new theme `Object`, and all the components will change automatically.

Of course, if a *Component* doesn't use your customize variables, it doesn't make any additional **changes** or **rendering**.

<Spacer y={1} />
<Note type="warning">The more changes you custom, the more Components <b>Re-Render</b>.</Note>

```jsx
import { CSSBaseline, ZEITUIProvider } from '@zeit-ui/react'

const myTheme = {
  palette: {
    success: '#000',
  },
}

const App = () => (
  <ZEITUIProvider theme={myTheme}>
    <CSSBaseline />
      <YourAppComponent onClick={switchThemes}/>
  </ZEITUIProvider>
)
```

<Spacer y={3} />

### View all types of Theme definitions

If you are using TypeScript, you can import various preset types:

```ts
import {
  ZeitUIThemes,
  ZeitUIThemesFont,
  ZeitUIThemesPalette,
  ZeitUIThemesExpressiveness,
  ZeitUIThemesLayout,
} from '@zeit-ui/react'

// usage:
const myStyles: ZeitUIThemes = { /* ... */ }
const myPalette: Partial<ZeitUIThemesPalette> = { /* ... */ }
```

If you don't use TypeScript, to learn more about preset types, see <Link color target="_blank" pure href="https://github.com/zeit-ui/react/blob/master/components/styles/themes/index.ts">here</Link>.


<Spacer y={3} />

### Customizing components

#### Overriding styles with `className`

You can override the style by define any `className` on the component

```jsx
import { Button, Row } from '@zeit-ui/react'

const MyPage = () => (
  <Row>
    <Button className="page-button">Click me!</Button>
  </Row>
)

// in css file:
.page-button {
  padding: 0;
}
```

<Spacer y={2} />

#### Overriding styles with `inline-style`

Any `inline-style` works correctly on the component.

```jsx
const MyPage = () => (
  <Row>
    <Button style={{ margin: '20px' }}>Click me!</Button>
  </Row>
)
```

<Spacer y={2} />

#### Build your own Components with `theme`

Sometimes you want to create new components, but you want to be consistent with the current theme. Now you can try using **theme variables** in your components

```jsx
import { useTheme } from '@zeit-ui/react'

const currentTheme = useTheme()

const MyComponent = () => (
  <div style={{ color: currentTheme.palette.success }}>
    <span>hello world!</span>
  </div>
)
```


export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>

Commit message:

docs: add a sample link to the theme docs

pages/en-us/guide/themes.mdx, after:

import Layout from 'lib/components/layout'
import { Note, Code, Spacer, Link } from 'components'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Themes',
  group: 'customization',
}

## Themes

`@zeit-ui/react` support **Dark Mode** now. You can switch theme at any time through a very simple API, no third-party styles or configs.

<Spacer y={2} />

### Switch themes

<Note>Before using any Components, you must add <Code>ZEITUIProvider</Code> to the root node.</Note>
<Spacer y={0.5} />
<Note type="success"><Code>CSSBaseline</Code> provides basic CSS support, which is similar to <Code>normalize</Code>.</Note>
<Spacer y={1} />

**Now you can change the theme as follows:**

  1. Make sure `ZEITUIProvider` and `CSSBaseline` are already on the root component.

  2. Get the current theme of the page through hook `useTheme`.

  3. Update the value of `theme.type`, and the theme of all components will follow automatically.

```jsx
import { CSSBaseline, ZEITUIProvider } from '@zeit-ui/react'

const App = () => {
  const [themeType, setThemeType] = useState('dark')
  const switchThemes = () => {
    setThemeType(lastThemeType => lastThemeType === 'dark' ? 'light' : 'dark')
  }
  return (
    <ZEITUIProvider theme={{ type: themeType }}>
      <CSSBaseline />
      <YourComponent onClick={switchThemes} />
    </ZEITUIProvider>
  )
}
```

<Spacer y={3} />

### Customizing theme

Customize theme is very simple in `@zeit-ui/react`, you just need to provide a new theme `Object`,
and all the components will change automatically.
Here is <Link target="_blank" pure color href="https://github.com/zeit-ui/react/tree/master/examples/custom-themes">a complete sample project</Link> for reference.

Of course, if a *component* doesn't use your customize variables, it doesn't make any additional **changes** or **rendering**.

<Spacer y={1} />
<Note type="warning">The more changes you custom, the more Components <b>Re-Render</b>.</Note>

```jsx
import { CSSBaseline, ZEITUIProvider } from '@zeit-ui/react'

const myTheme = {
  palette: {
    success: '#000',
  },
}

const App = () => (
  <ZEITUIProvider theme={myTheme}>
    <CSSBaseline />
      <YourAppComponent onClick={switchThemes}/>
  </ZEITUIProvider>
)
```

<Spacer y={3} />

### View all types of Theme definitions

If you are using TypeScript, you can import various preset types:

```ts
import {
  ZeitUIThemes,
  ZeitUIThemesFont,
  ZeitUIThemesPalette,
  ZeitUIThemesExpressiveness,
  ZeitUIThemesLayout,
} from '@zeit-ui/react'

// usage:
const myStyles: ZeitUIThemes = { /* ... */ }
const myPalette: Partial<ZeitUIThemesPalette> = { /* ... */ }
```

If you don't use TypeScript, to learn more about preset types, see <Link color target="_blank" pure href="https://github.com/zeit-ui/react/blob/master/components/styles/themes/index.ts">here</Link>.


<Spacer y={3} />

### Customizing components

#### Overriding styles with `className`

You can override the style by define any `className` on the component

```jsx
import { Button, Row } from '@zeit-ui/react'

const MyPage = () => (
  <Row>
    <Button className="page-button">Click me!</Button>
  </Row>
)

// in css file:
.page-button {
  padding: 0;
}
```

<Spacer y={2} />

#### Overriding styles with `inline-style`

Any `inline-style` works correctly on the component.

```jsx
const MyPage = () => (
  <Row>
    <Button style={{ margin: '20px' }}>Click me!</Button>
  </Row>
)
```

<Spacer y={2} />

#### Build your own Components with `theme`

Sometimes you want to create new components, but you want to be consistent with the current theme. Now you can try using **theme variables** in your components

```jsx
import { useTheme } from '@zeit-ui/react'

const currentTheme = useTheme()

const MyComponent = () => (
  <div style={{ color: currentTheme.palette.success }}>
    <span>hello world!</span>
  </div>
)
```


export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>
